Dare to spoil my good deeds
I go I
I don't want you to kill me.
You nonsense
How dare you hit me?
Xiao Chen, how dare you attack Lin Shang?
Don't you want to live? Xiao Chen
You're looking for death, it's all light
You want to hurt Yaoyao
This is enough to wipe out your Lin family
Hahahaha you boy
Are you really brave?
The entire cloud field is except or not good.
No one has dared to wipe out my Lin family
How does it work?
How dare you rescue repairs in my factory
Where factory
This is clearly the dinner I prepared for Qingxue
How dare you be arrogant here after smashing my place
Your dinner party
Keep your eyes open and see 30 billion man
The three big people looked at this young master's face
What are you doing?
Dare to say it is your bowl feast
Trash, isn't your dad crazy?
You even
Lin Shao's engagement party is all about you
You don't pee. Take a picture of yourself
Look at your poor face
If it weren't for relying on Young Master Lin's famous cannon
You can't even get up to dress up
Xiao Chen
Why don't you kneel down and kowtow to Master Lin to apologize?
Just quickly kneel down and kowtow to Master Lin to admit your mistake
Don't involve my family's emotions
kowtow
Did you see it, kid?
You offended me in the cloud field and offended me Lin Zhan
No one will help you
Why don't you kowtow and admit your mistake?
Let me kneel
Behind me are thousands of Wuyi soldiers
No one in this world can afford it
I kneel down and smash my place, and I want to hurt Yaoyao
Time to kneel
It's You
Ah, hey, plums.
How did you kneel?
You you little chen
You managed to piss me off
I won't skin you today
I take your last name
Captain, catch this kid for me, get up